Update to Weerlive API v2 (#120)
golles/ha-knmi: README.md

| Description              | Omschrijving                 |                                     | State is in Dutch     |
| Temperature              | Temperatuur                  |                                     | Unit configurable     |
| Weather forecast         | Weersverwachting             |                                     | State is in Dutch     |
| Wind speed               | Windsnelheid                 | Bearing, Degree, Beaufort and Knots | Unit configurable     |
| Weather code             | Weercode                     |                                     | Raw value is in Dutch |
| Visibility               | Zicht                        |                                     | Unit configurable     |

Diagnostic sensors:

| Name (EN)              | Name (NL)                | Notes                   |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------ | ----------------------- |
| Location               | Plaats                   |                         |
| Remaining API requests | Resterende API verzoeken |                         |
| Latest update          | Laatste update           | Server side update time |

### Weather

> The weather entity holds all the necessary weather information, this can be nicely shown in the Home Assistant frontend.
> There are is a daily forecast, up to 5 days, and an hourly forecast, up to 24 hour.

Author: ```suggestion
The weather entity contains all the weather information, ideal for displaying a comprehensive overview in the Home Assistant frontend. It includes both a daily forecast spanning up to 5 days and an hourly forecast covering up to 24 hours.
```
